Breaking news from Raleigh, North Carolina, today.
Stunning.
Heroic, powerful,
Brave,
These words and more are being used to describe Dinkley Darbelsmook, a local coffee shop owner in downtown Raleigh.
In a courageous show of support for oppressed minorities across the country.
Mr. Darbelsmuch smashed all the windows to his own shop with a brick.
And allowed looters
To make off with all of his equipment.
Listen, it's just stuff.
Thinkly later tweeted,
I am white and I cannot begin to understand the pain and suffering of oppressed minorities in this country.
Destroying my shop is the least I can do to make up for my whiteness.
Sources reported that several Black Lives Matter supporters attempted to form a human chain around the shop to protect it.
Undeterred, Mister Darbelsmuck fought through all of them with a wooden club and a can of pepper spray.
Once he had subdued all the peaceful protesters, he laid waste to his own shop in a beautiful display of social justice.
White liberals around the country are holding up this shop owner as a model for the way forward to a place of greater equity and justice. When reached for comment, Mr.
Mr. Jarble-Smuck declined an interview.
Since he was too busy counting the money from a massive insurance payout.
This is Joel Berry and you're listening to the Petty Profit Podcast. Welcome.
Ah, yes.
White liberals showing us the way. One Facebook post and one tweet.
At a time, I'm sure black folks appreciate you, white liberals. Keep it up. Keep up the good work.
You're doing important work, taking to the Internet to decry.
Racism. I'm sure it's making a difference.
Sorry for the sarcasm there. this is Joel Berry. you are listening to the Petty Profit Podcast. welcome.
and this is a show where we talk about news, politics and culture from a christian world view and if you're listening i'm glad to have you. if you enjoy the content or if you hate the content.
Go to iTunes and give us a five-star review. It really helps. You know, you can give me a bad review.
you know you can trash me in the in the comments and the written review but just make sure it's still five stars all right that's that's all i ask.
So without further ado, let's get into today's topic.
Here we go.
It's time for me to speak up.
as cops abuse power
People loot and burn.
And all of the righteously indignant on social media lend their voices.
There is one thing the world still needs.
My voice.
That's right.
Our country cannot fully heal
until they've heard the words of "Joel Berry"
From Ohio.
While many have already waxed eloquent about the injustices and inequities in our nation,
There are few who are as knowledgeable, pure and articulate as I. So,
In service to our nation and all of humanity, I hereby offer my two and a half cents.
There is a person
Who needs to be called out today?
And I'm gonna do it.
This person is a serial abuser of power
A thief and a liar.
This person has hated others while deluding himself into thinking he is the loving one. He has intimidated,
And bullied people out of frustration.
He has stolen and looted the fruits of other people's labor. He is lazy,
Addicted, self-indulgent, and self-indulgent.
And the apathetic, he has self-righteously judged those who don't see the world the same way he does.
He has selfishly hoarded
His inherited wealth as people suffer and die right in front of him.
In fact, every natural inclination of this man's heart is destructive towards himself and every person in his life.
Now the person I'm referring to, of course,
Is myself.
As if that wasn't obvious.
I have a real problem.
Well, more like several.
Real problems all rolled up into one problem.
You see, I don't have much earthly power, but I have mishandled my power as a father and a husband.
I have intimidated and bullied my own precious children in moments of hopeless frustration.
"'I have been lazy at work stealing the time and money of my employer.'
I'm addicted to pleasure and comfort. I get high off the feeling of mental and moral superiority over others, no matter how ignorant or unjustified that feeling is.
Worst of all,
I'm the beneficiary of a glorious gospel that has changed my life.
And too often I keep it to myself as people pass into eternity before my eyes.
To sum up, I am a deeply flawed sinner.
I thank God I'm not a cop
And with my difficulty in handling stress and frustration, a bad day for me as a white-collar worker might look like a passive-aggressive email or a lazy afternoon doing stuff.
Subpar work.
But if I was a cop,
A bad day might mean hurting an innocent person or getting a colleague killed.
I think God I'm not a fatherless young man
Raised in the hood.
With my tendency towards addiction and comfort, my struggle with fast food and...
Couch potatoing.
Might look more like a drug addiction or homelessness.
I think God I'm not rich.
Because when I look at the way, I sometimes keep God's gift of grace and mercy to myself.
I have no reason to think I'd do any better.
With a fat bank account.
You know, there's been no shortage of words and responses.
And statements
From everyone,
In response to what's going on in our country right now.
There's a lot of things i would love to say a lot of opinions i would like to express right now a lot of points that i would just love
to make and articulate. And it's really hard to do justice to what's going on right now.
To properly respond
To all the lies, the evil,
in the chaos all around us right now so I'm not going to try
I have enough of a war being waged within me.
As it is, a war I have too often neglected.
In all the ways that count to God,
I am.
Former officer Derek Chauvin.
I am the broken life of his victim, George Floyd.
I am every bit the hypocrisy of the self-righteous chattering upper class.
And underclass.
Wretched man that I am.
That's why when we say the world needs the gospel,
It's not just a catchphrase or a cheap attempt at evangelism.
It's the only thing.
The only thing that truly unifies every man, woman, and child
Of every race
In class,
Who has ever walked the planet?
Before God we are all
Guilty.
George Floyd was guilty.
Derek Chauvin was guilty.
I'm guilty.
You are guilty.
Black people are guilty. white people are guilty.
And then this last week I have been convicted.
By the Holy Spirit and by faithful ministers of God's Word, that I could stand and turn my mind towards my own sin.
Instead of the sins of others.
I may not be able to bring ultimate justice to the world, but I can act justly.
And mercifully in the small piece of the world God has given me,
I can work to take the plank out of my own eye before calling out the spec.
In my brother's eye.
I can work to walk humbly with my God.
It's not much.
But it feels a lot better.
It's a lot more doable.
It's a start.
And I think it's what God wants for each of us.
Whether we're black,
Or whether we're white.
And that's my two and a half cents for you this week. And before I go, as I
I often do. I want to express to you what I'm thankful for. And this week, I am thankful that
For peaceful protesters and good cops, Um, we have been treated to images and video of some horrible atrocities, some.
Um, yeah.
Um, horrible behavior.
But what we haven't seen as much, and what is happening a lot more than the media,
Portrays is.
Expressions by
Good cops.
And good.
Peaceful protesters.
I think that our country is
Far more united than we think.
Then our media would have you believe,
Then social media
Would have you believe.
I genuinely think we're going to be okay.
And of course, as always, I'm thankful for you. Thank you for listening. I'm glad you chose to tune in. I really appreciate you. Love you all. We will talk to you later this week.
with another manhug. Thank you very much. Don't forget to five star review us on iTunes. All right, bye.